reviews from visitors

review 1:
1/5
Worthless museum for wheelchair users
Aug 2021
We are Saturday j.l. been to the museum. We visited the museum with a wheelchair. We have never experienced such an unfriendly wheelchair museum as this one. Furthermore, the golden carriage is outside in a glass cabin. When the sun shines, as when we were there, the carriage is no longer visible. We are completely done with this museum. Never again.


review 2:
5/5
The Golden carriage
This hidden gem in the middle of the city is well worth a look.
The Golden Coach is now beautifully displayed in a pavilion in the courtyard.
The history of this phenomenon is beautifully presented, with a view from various angles. Not heavy, nice and beautiful.
The contemporary art department called 'Refresh Amsterdam' with work by 25 artists is also very worthwhile.
The museum has a woman as director and a good female curator contemporary. Both a good look at Amsterdam in all its facets

review 3:
4/5
Nice museum in historic buildings
jun. 2020 • Couples
During the Corona period we reserved tickets online for a time slot. It turned out to be ideal for a quiet museum visit. The museum is located in beautifully restored old buildings (orphanages for boys and girls) in the historic heart of Amsterdam. You will see relatively little of the historic buildings inside, apart from the winding route and the regent's chamber. Interesting exhibition about the history of the city of Amsterdam. Good audio tour and interactive multimedia. The bell sounds of the various Amsterdam churches, for example. Catering with a terrace under the large lime tree in the courtyard of the boys' orphanage: an oasis in the city. Easily accessible from Rokin metro station.

review 4:
5/5
Enjoyed the Amsterdam Museum
Jan. 2020
We enjoyed our visit to the Amsterdam Museum with 3 couples. Extremely friendly staff, excellent explanation about the use of the devices for the audio tour, in short, highly recommended! When we didn't have euros for the storage lockers for a while, a few euros were advanced that we were allowed to return after our visit. Super customer friendly

review 5:
3/5
Beautiful clothes, old and new
jul. 2019
Beautiful exhibition with clothing from hundreds of years old and new designers.
The welcome was warm, it was not busy and certainly worth it. The explanation via the sound devices was selective and went too much into details while the main points were skipped..